Add wechat_pay source (#81)
omise/omise-dotnet: README.md

Practices](https://www.omise.co/security-best-practices) guideline before deploying
production code using this package.**

> **Note:** It is important to mention that when creating a `wechat_pay` source it is advised to pass the `ip` param. This `ip` param should be the client's ip and not the server's ip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** It is important to mention that when creating a `wechat_pay` source, it is advised to pass the `ip` parameter. This `ip` parameter should be the ip from the customer's device and not the server's ip.
```
